Who is the author of the book , " The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher " ?
What is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as : involuntary movements ( tics ) , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations ( grunts , shouts , etc. ) ?
How far is Yaroslavl from Moscow ?
How much did Manchester United spend on players in 1993 ?
How much could you rent a Volkswagen bug for in 1966 ?
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?
Who was the lead actress in the movie " Sleepless in Seattle " ?
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?
Name the first private citizen to fly in space .
What cancer is commonly associated with AIDS ?
What country is the world 's leading supplier of cannabis ?
How large is the Arctic refuge to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness value on Alaska 's north coast ?
How much stronger is the new vitreous carbon material invented by the Tokyo Institute of Technology compared with the material made from cellulose ?
What was Agent Orange used for during the Vietnam War ?
How many times was pitcher , Warren Spahn , a 20-game winner in his 21 major league seasons ?
What is the name for the technique of growing certain plants in soils contaminated with toxic metals , wherein the plants take up the toxic metals , are harvested , and the metals recovered for recycling ?
How many people did the United Nations commit to help restore order and distribute humanitarian relief in Somalia in September 1992 ?
What did John Hinckley do to impress Jodie Foster ?
How many mines can still be found in the Falklands after the war ended ?
How rich is Bill Gates ?
Who was President of Afghanistan in 1994 ?
How tall is Mt. Everest ?
What was the name of the computer in " 2001 : A Space Odyssey " ?
Who was Secretary of State during the Nixon administration ?
How tall is the Matterhorn ?
How tall is the replica of the Matterhorn at Disneyland ?
Who wrote the Farmer 's Almanac ?
How tall is the giraffe ?
How big is Australia ?
How hot is the core of the earth ?
How old is the sun ?
How wide is the Atlantic Ocean ?
Who is Charles Lindbergh ?
The numbering system we use today was introduced to the western world by what culture ?
How big is our galaxy in diameter ?
What is Black Hills , South Dakota most famous for ?
What soft drink contains the largest amount of caffeine ?
What do you call a group of geese ?
What king was forced to agree to the Magna Carta ?
What does caliente mean ( in English ) ?
Who was the author of the book about computer hackers called " The Cuckoo 's Egg : Tracking a Spy Through the Maze of Computer Espionage " ?
Who coined the term " cyberspace " in his novel " Neuromancer " ?
What continent is Bolivia on ?
What city in Florida is Sea World in ?
What cereal goes " snap , crackle , pop " ?
Who portrayed " Rosanne Rosanna-Dana " on the television show " Saturday Night Live " ?
At Christmas time , what is the traditional thing to do under the mistletoe ?
Name an American made motorcycle .
What hair color can I use to just cover a little gray ?
What was the name of the sitcom that Alyssa Milano starred in with Tony Danza ?
What type of hunting are retrievers used for ?
What party was Winston Churchill a member of ?
How tall is kilamanjaro ?
How long do hermit crabs live ?
When did the Dow first reach 2000 ?
In what country is a stuck-out tongue a friendly greeting ?
How big is the Electoral College ?
How much does one ton of cement cost ?
What does Final Four refer to in the sports world ?
What country are Godiva chocolates from ?
What is worth seeing in Reims ?
Procter & Gamble is headquartered in which U.S. city ?
How much folic acid should a pregnant woman get each day ?
Name the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk .
Who was the first Russian astronaut to walk in space ?
Who was the first Russian to do a spacewalk ?
Define thalassemia .
What soft drink is most heavily caffeinated ?
How long is human gestation ?
A normal human pregnancy lasts how many months ?
What city is Logan Airport in ?
What is Dick Clark 's date of birth ?
Boxing Day is celebrated on what date ?
What city is the Orange Bowl in ?
What does caliente translate to in English ?
What is the meaning of caliente ( in English ) ?
What is the English translation for the word " caliente " ?
What county is Modesto , California in ?
How tall is the Sears Building ?
What hemisphere is the Philippines in ?
How much fiber should you have per day ?
Who discovered x-rays ?
Which comedian 's signature line is " Can we talk " ?
What was W.C. Fields ' real name ?
What river flows between Fargo , North Dakota and Moorhead , Minnesota ?
What state did the Battle of Bighorn take place in ?
What do you call a newborn kangaroo ?
How tall is the Gateway Arch in St. Louis , MO ?
What is the longest major league baseball winning streak ?
What county is Phoenix , AZ in ?
What was the last year that the Chicago Cubs won the World Series ?
How wide is the Milky Way galaxy ?
Who wrote the hymn " Amazing Grace " ?
What were Christopher Columbus ' three ships ?
What continent is Egypt on ?
What peninsula is Spain part of ?
What U.S. state 's motto is " Live free or Die " ?
What primary colors do you mix to make orange ?
What city 's newspaper is called " The Enquirer " ?
Where is the volcano Olympus Mons located ?
How fast is the speed of light ?
What province is Montreal in ?
How fast is sound ?
Mexican pesos are worth what in U.S. dollars ?
How old was Joan of Arc when she died ?
What do you call a professional map drawer ?
How old do you have to be in order to rent a car in Italy ?
Who was the first woman killed in the Vietnam War ?
What does the technical term ISDN mean ?
How much does water weigh ?
What was President Lyndon Johnson 's reform program called ?
What is the Illinois state flower ?
What is Maryland 's state bird ?
Why in tennis are zero points called love ?
What kind of dog was Toto in the Wizard of Oz ?
How old was the youngest president of the United States ?
What is the fourth highest mountain in the world ?
What is the heaviest naturally occurring element ?
How long is the Columbia River in miles ?
Who was president in 1913 ?
What continent is Argentina on ?
What is the name given to the Tiger at Louisiana State University ?
How cold should a refrigerator be ?
What do you call a word that is spelled the same backwards and forwards ?
What was the name of the first U.S. satellite sent into space ?
Who is Tom Cruise married to ?
Which political party is Lionel Jospin a member of ?
What was the length of the Wright brothers ' first flight ?
Where does the vice president live when in office ?
How high is Mount Kinabalu ?
How old do you have to be to get married in South Carolina ?
How deep is Crater Lake ?
How tall is Allen Iverson ?
How fast does a cheetah run ?
What county is Wilmington , Delaware in ?
How much are tickets to Disney World ?
What continent is India on ?
How old was Nolan Ryan when he retired ?
What country is Berlin in ?
What school did Emmitt Smith go to ?
Who directed the film " Fail Safe " ?
What city is Lake Washington by ?
How many electoral college votes in Tennessee ?
How tall was Judy Garland ?
What year was the movie " Ole Yeller " made ?
How old was George Washington when he died ?
What is the legal age to vote in Argentina ?
How tall is the Sphinx ?
How high is a hand ?
What did Sherlock Holmes call the street gang that helped him crack cases ?
Who was the only golfer to win the U.S. and British Opens and amateurs in the same year ?
What percentage of the population is left handed ?
Who was the baseball player given the nickname " Mr. October " ?
When was Benjamin Disraeli prime minister ?
What do you call a baby sloth ?
How much are the international space stations expected to cost ?
What continent is Scotland in ?
What county is Elmira , NY in ?
How fast does an Iguana travel ( mph ) ?
What do the French call the English Channel ?
How tall is Mount McKinley ?
What group sang the song " Happy Together " ?
Who was the U.S. president in 1929 ?
What war is connected with the book " Charge of the Light Brigade " ?
Where was the movie " Somewhere in Time " filmed ?
How tall is the Eiffel Tower in France ?
What city is Purdue University in ?
Whose business slogan is " Quality is job 1 " ?
When a game of baseball is forfeited , what is the score ?
Who is the president pro tempore of the US Senate ?
What city is Southwestern University in ?
What author wrote under the pen name " Boz " ?
How old is the universe ?
What was Aaron Copland 's most famous piece of music ?
How far is it from Buffalo , New York to Syracuse , New York ?
How tall is Tom Cruise ?
What was the name of the stage play that A. Lincoln died at ?
How old must you be to become President of the United States ?
Which planet did the spacecraft Magellan enable scientists to research extensively ?
How tall is the CNN Tower in Toronto ?
What is the name of Abbott and Costello 's famous routine ?
How tall is Mike Tyson ?
Who was Sherlock Holmes ' arch enemy ?
What 's the final line in the Edgar Allen Poe poem " The Raven " ?
How fast is the world spinning ?
What Broadway musical is the song " The Story is Me " from ?
Who said " I have not begun to fight ! " ?
In the Bible , who was Jacob 's mother ?
What country is Pretoria in ?
What county is St. Paul , Minnesota in ?
By what nickname was musician Ernesto Antonio Puente , Jr. best known ?
How old is the Red Pyramid ?
Who is the author of the poem " The Midnight Ride of Paul Revere " ?
How far is it from Earth to Mars ?
How late is Disneyland open ?
What was the Hunchback of Notre Dame 's real name ?
What is the name of the airport in Dallas Ft. Worth ?
What city is Disneyland in ?
What book did Rachel Carson write in 1962 ?
What country is Aswan High Dam located in ?
Who is Aaron Copland ?
Which past and present NFL players have the last name of Johnson ?
How many time zones are there in the world ?
How high is the pitcher 's mound ?
What is a golden parachute ?
How did the disciple Peter die ?
Who is Alberto Tomba ?
What is the population of Iceland ?
What business was the source of John D. Rockefeller 's fortune ?
What are pennies made of ?
What is the name of the chart that tells you the symbol for all chemical elements ?
In which city is the River Seine ?
What breeds of dog have won the " Best in Show " award at the Westminster Dog Show ?
What city is the home to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame ?
What city did Duke Ellington live in ?
What is Bausch & Lomb ?
How did Jimi Hendrix die ?
How big is Mars ?
When was " Cold Mountain " written ?
How did Virginia Woolf die ?
How fast is an eye blink ?
What governments still officially recognize and support International Labor Day ?
When was the first hair dryer made ?
What did Ozzy Osbourne bite the head off of ?
When was the U.S. capitol built ?
How did George Washington die ?
What band did the music for the 1970<s film " Saturday Night Fever " ?
What band was Jerry Garcia with ?
When was Prince Charles born ?
When did International Volunteers Day begin ?
Who is Vlad the Impaler ?
What is the play " West Side Story " based on ?
What color is the top stripe on the U.S. flag ?
How many stories are in the Sears Tower ?
How fast can a nuclear submarine travel ?
How many floors are in the Empire State Building ?
How did Einstein die ?
What grapes are used in making wine ?
What membrane controls the amount of light entering the eye ?
How many Olympic Games were canceled because of World War I ?
What is the name of Ling Ling 's mate ?
What did George Washington call his house ?
When was Adolf Hitler born ?
What day and month did Nixon resign ?
What country did Catherine the Great rule ?
What is the word which means one hiring his relatives ?
What is the nickname of the British flag ?
Who created the literary character Phineas Fogg ?
What beach was " I Dream of Jeannie " filmed on ?
How late will airlines let you fly in pregnancy ?
How many NFL teams are there ?
What country made the Statue of Liberty ?
Who is Akbar the Great ?
What country is the largest in square miles ?
What are fractals ?
How fast can a king cobra kill you ?
What does cc mean in letter writing ?
How many gas stations are there in the United States ?
What position did Satchel Paige play in professional baseball ?
What country is know as the " Land of the Rising Sun " ?
Who are professional female boxers ?
Who is Allen Iverson ?
What company manufactures Sinemet ?
What capital city do you see from the top of Bunker Hill ?
What party led Australia from 1983 to 1996 ?
What fruit 's stone does Laetrile come from ?
What does ACLU stand for ?
What is the national airline of Spain ?
What city is the Liberty Bell currently located in ?
Who was Abraham in the Old Testament ?
What player on a basketball team usually plays the post or pivot position ?
What is Richie 's surname on " Happy Days " ?
How did Cleopatra die ?
What is the motto for the Boy Scouts ?
How large in square miles is North Carolina ?
How big is the sun ?
How many moons does Venus have ?
How far is the moon from Earth in miles ?
How long is the Great Barrier Reef ?
What movie won the Academy Award for best picture in 1989 ?
When was Lyndon B. Johnson president ?
What are people born 1965 through 1980 called ?
What is the Cav 's arena name ?
What city is Ole Mississippi University in ?
What is ETA in Spain ?
When was chewing tobacco banned in baseball ?
What comic book friend of Archie wears a crown-shaped hat ?
How did Minnesota get its name ?
How hot is the sun ?
How many official languages does Switzerland have ?
What was the Beatles ' first number one hit ?
What department is responsible for regulating casino gambling in Mississippi ?
What city is Duke University in ?
What American revolutionary general turned over West Point to the British ?
How old was Babe Ruth when he died ?
What is the state with the smallest population ?
How many Earth days does it take for Mars to orbit the sun ?
How did serfdom develop in and then leave Russia ?
What films featured the character Popeye Doyle ?
How can I find a list of celebrities ' real names ?
What fowl grabs the spotlight after the Chinese Year of the Monkey ?
What is the full form of .com ?
What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?
What team did baseball 's St. Louis Browns become ?
What is the oldest profession ?
What are liver enzymes ?
When was Ozzy Osbourne born ?
Why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?
Who was The Pride of the Yankees ?
Who killed Gandhi ?
What sprawling U.S. state boasts the most airports ?
What did the only repealed amendment to the U.S. Constitution deal with ?
How many Jews were executed in concentration camps during WWII ?
What is an annotated bibliography ?
What articles of clothing are tokens in Monopoly ?
What 's the Olympic motto ?
What is the origin of the name ' Scarlett ' ?
What 's the second-most-used vowel in English ?
What is the highest waterfall in the United States ?
Which two states enclose Chesapeake Bay ?
What does the abbreviation AIDS stand for ?
What does a spermologer collect ?
How many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ?
Which company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the " super system " ?
How many Community Chest cards are there in Monopoly ?
What do Mormons believe ?
In what religion was Isis the nature goddess ?
Where do the adventures of " The Swiss Family Robinson " take place ?
What relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat-bear ?
How can I register my website in Yahoo for free ?
What was cash-conscious Colonel Edwin L. Drake the first to drill ?
How many people in the world speak French ?
How many inches over six feet is the Venus de Milo ?
How do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?
What 1920s cowboy star rode Tony the Wonder Horse ?
What cocktail inspired John Doxat to write the book Stirred - Not Shaken ?
What ISPs exist in the Caribbean ?
How do you ask a total stranger out on a date ?
What country do the Galapagos Islands belong to ?
What is ethology ?
Who was the prophet of the Muslim people ?
Where did the term " 86ed " come from ?
Who is Snoopy 's arch-enemy ?
What is the nature of learning ?
What 's the only color Johnny Cash wears on stage ?
What 's the term for a young fox ?
What U.S. state lived under six flags ?
What is the Kashmir issue ?
Where is the Loop ?
What does " extended definition " mean and how would one write a paper on it ?
What country 's capital is Tirana ?
Who do Herb and Tootsie live next door to ?
Why do people get calluses ?
What body of water does the Danube River flow into ?
What does the six-footed Musca domestica become when it enters a house ?
What is the history of skateboarding ?
Who starred in Singing in the Rain and The Singing Nun ?
How do I make fuel bricks from recycled newspaper ?
What 19th-century painter died in the Marquesas Islands ?
How do I log on to home page at Headquarters U.S. European Command ?
What is Nebraska 's most valuable resource ?
How many species of the Great White shark are there ?
What is the origin of head lice ?
What was the first domesticated bird ?
How many villi are found in the small intestine ?
What country did King Wenceslas rule ?
What is a fear of shadows ?
Who were the five Marx brothers ?
What causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures ?
What are bear and bull markets ?
What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Bilbo Baggins as the central character ?
What is " dew point " ?
What is the meaning of Jesus ?
What company 's logo is a " W " in a circle ?
What is the definition of a cascade ?
When did Rococo painting and architecture flourish ?
What country 's national passenger rail system is called Via ?
Who invented Make-up ?
What is the origin of the word " attic " ?
What kind of animals were in the Paleozoic era ?
Which of the following was Rhodes Scholar ?
Who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the Champions ?
How do you make a paintball ?
What U.S. state is Fort Knox in ?
Where do chihuahuas come from ?
Where does Barney Rubble go to work after he drops Fred off in the " Flintstones " cartoon series ?
What are the world 's four oceans ?
What 's the only work by Michelangelo that bears his signature ?
In what medium is Stuart Hamblen considered to be the first singing cowboy ?
Where on the Internet can I find a song lyrics database similar to the International Lyrics Server ?
How much money does a back injury lawsuit get ?
What 's the common name for acetylsalicylic acid ?
What does the Georgetown " Hoya " mean ?
Where can I find a list of " classic " books 5th and 6th graders should read ?
Which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
How is the election of a new Pope announced to the world ?
How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
How do chickens have baby chicks ?
What is the historical relationship of Catholic Church and bingo ?
How was the element calcium named ?
What crooner joined The Andrews Sisters for Pistol Packin Mama ?
What piano company claims its product is the " Instrument of the immortals " ?
When did the Bounty mutiny take place ?
What is a transistor ?
What Hollywood dog died in the arms of Jean Harlow in 1932 ?
What are the most common elements in the Earth 's crust ?
How much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party tent , with sides , ?
What actress has received the most Oscar nominations ?
What are equity securities ?
What is gymnophobia ?
How many years do fossils take to form ?
What city boasts Penn 's Landing , on the banks of the Delaware river ?
What Broadway musical was inspired by Cervantes 's Don Quixote ?
How many hostages were killed in the Entebbe raid ?
How can you raise your IQ ?
What does INRI stand for when used on Jesus ' cross ?
Who produces Spumante ?
Who earns their money the hard way ?
Who founded the People 's Temple Commune ?
What athlete makes the most money from sports merchandise sales ?
How many bends are there in a standard paper clip ?
Who discovered electricity ?
What two South American countries do n't border Brazil ?
What album put The Beatles on the cover of Time in 1967 ?
What poem contains the line , " grow old with me the best is yet to be " .
What is a dental root canal ?
What war did the Wanna-Go-Home Riots occur after ?
What 's the colored part of the eye called ?
What are hook worms ?
Where is the Rose Bowl played ?
What sun-blasted , 14-mile wide valley is just north of the Mojave desert ?
In what year did Thatcher become prime minister ?
How many months does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?
Where are the 49 steps ?
In what year was De Gaulle elected president of France ?
Who sings the themes for " Dawson 's Creek " and " Felicity " ?
Who directed " Jaws " ?
On what T.V. show could Tom Terrific be found ?
What Indian tribe is F Troop perpetually doing battle with ?
Where did Indian Pudding come from ?
Why do some clothing labels say " Use a nonchlorine bleach " ?
How many colonies were involved in the American Revolution ?
What is the name of the city that Maurizio Pellegrin lives in ?
Where can I find pictorial directions on how to build a very simple treehouse ?
What game 's board shows the territories of Irkutsk , Yakutsk and Kamchatka ?
Why do horseshoes bring luck ?
What is the 401 , K , plan ?
What causes pneumonia ?
What are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere ?
What does gringo mean ?
What country contains Africa 's northernmost point ?
What therapy attempts to elicit the " primal scream " ?
Which Ventura County police department seized the largest cocaine shipment in it 's history ?
What city is sometimes called Gotham ?
What dangles over the tongue from the palate ?
Who created Dennis the Menace ?
What dummy received an honorary degree from Northwestern University ?
What countries have the largest areas of forest ?
How do I start a web based business ?
What is Eagle 's syndrome styloid process ?
How did Jayne Mansfield die ?
What actor said in A Day at the Races : " Either he 's dead or my watch has stopped " ?
What explorer was nicknamed Iberia 's Pilot ?
What makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers ?
What are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born child in Judaism called ?
What was the education system in the 1960<s ?
What South American city has the world 's highest commercial landing field ?
How can I find out which cities have cable-modem access ?
How many species of sharks are there ?
What is " snoogans " ?
How many people are there in the world ?
What shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer ?
What organization 's offices were broken into at Watergate in 1972 ?
What is the design of the ship Titanic ?
What does S.O.S. stand for ?
Name a technique widely used to detect birth defects ?
What is the " 7-minute cigarette " ?
What four forms does gold occur in ?
What is the acreage of the Chappellet vineyard ?
How do you correctly say the word ' qigong ' ?
How much does a new railroad coal car cost ?
What two European countries entered the War of American Independence against the British ?
What is the filmmakers collabrative ?
What Russian composer 's Prelude in C Sharp Minor brought him fame and fortune ?
What caused Harry Houdini 's death ?
Who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of Windsor ?
How many revolutions does a standard LP make in three minutes ?
Where can I find a review of Nightmare on Elm Street in a film journal ?
What 's the slowest Olympic swimming stroke ?
What disease is transmitted by the Anopheles mosquito ?
What rum is so " mixable " it is a one-brand bar ?
How many South American countries have the letter Z in their names ?
What is the contents of proposition 98 ?
What is paracetamol ?
What are the powers and weaknesses of Green Lantern 's ring ?
When was the first steel mill in the United States built ?
What diminutive American female gymnast stole the show at the 1984 Olympics ?
What is the origin of the name Katie ?
When did the Berlin Wall go up ?
What 's the meaning of the Latin battle cry : Ad arma , ad arma .
What Las Vegas hotel burned in November , 1980 , with the loss of 84 lives ?
How many feet are there in a fathom ?
What is a Canada two-penny black ?
What European city do Nicois live in ?
How can I find out what year a Beanie Baby was introduced ?
What is the classic definition of tragic hero ?
To what does Microsoft 's Windows 3 owe its success ?
What color bottles do good Rhine wines come in ?
Who are the two sons of Ozzie and Harriet Nelson ?
What is the lowest level of the American judiciary ?
How many people did Randy Craft kill ?
What 's the official animal of Canada ?
When did Spielberg direct " Jaws " ?
What is the size of the largest akita ?
What animal has the biggest eyes ?
What European country is home to the beer-producing city of Budweis ?
How do I find the balance of my social security account ?
What is the history of Valentine 's Day cards ?
Where was Christopher Columbus born ?
What do Italians call Florence ?
How do you get to the top of the Eiffel Tower ?
What does ' PSI ' stand for ?
What sea did the Romans call mare nostrum ?
What 's the term for a bet before cards are dealt ?
Which came first , according to Genesis 1 : 2 : 22 - the chicken or the egg ?
What is Latin for incompetent ?
What chemicals are used in lethal injection ?
What toy company is the world 's No.1 maker of female apparel ?
What board game does a " wood-pusher " play poorly ?
Which Doonesbury character was likely to turn into a werewolf ?
What is the abbreviation for micro ?
What are the 7 articles of the constitution ?
Who has won the most Super Bowls ?
What is BPH ?
What is the fastest commercial automobile that can be bought in the US ?
What stadium do the Miami Dolphins play their home games in ?
Who has the only speaking role in " Silent Movie " ?
Why is poop sometimes different colors ?
What was Einstein 's IQ ?
What day was Pearl Harbor attacked in 1942 ?
What girl 's name is " Teddy " an affectionate form of ?
What state is John F. Kennedy buried in ?
What is the best way to remove wallpaper ?
What U.S. state has an element named for it ?
What company tabulates the ballots in voting for the Academy Awards ?
How did the tradition of best man start ?
What is the deepest area of the Arctic Ocean ?
What are Halloween 's colors ?
How is silk screening done ?
What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?
Who made a boat out of gopher wood ?
Where can I find a " Fifth Element " screensaver ?
Which Bloom County resident wreaks havoc with a computer ?
How do you match a name to a social security number ?
How does a rainbow form ?
What creature scares people in the film " Jaws " ?
What part did John Peter Zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in America ?
Who followed Caesar ?
What are the four elements ?
Who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ?
What 's the tallest piece on a chessboard ?
What is Answers.com 's address ?
Where can I buy movies on videotape online ?
Who does the advertizing for Frito-Lay ?
What product did Robert Conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder ?
What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?
What are the different approaches of systems analysis ?
How do doctors diagnose bone cancer ?
Who is the man behind the pig - the man who pulls the strings and speaks for Miss Piggy ?
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
What are the developmental stages of a swimmer ?
What ocean is the largest in the world ?
Who was the first American poet to win the Nobel Prize for literature , in 1948 ?
What year did Jack Nicklaus join the Professional Golfers Association tour ?
How many sonnets did Shakespeare write ?
What causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush ?
Who are the Challengers of the Unknown ?
Define the Pheonix Club ?
Which city did Christian Crusaders fight to recapture from the Muslims ?
What does it mean " Rupee Depreciates " ?
What gaming devices were dubbed " Mississippi marbles " and " Memphis dominoes " ?
How successful is arometherapy ?
What Jewish holiday saw the start of the 1973 Mideast War ?
How does a copier work ?
Who said of Super Bowl III in 1969 : " We 'll win - I guarantee it " ?
What is Dudley Do-Right 's horse 's name ?
Who declared : " I am down on whores and I shan 't stop ripping them " ?
What TV game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the shower ?
What Soviet leader owned a Rolls-Royce ?
Where can I find a case on Individuals with Disabilities Education Act of 1991 ?
What war did Florence Nightingale tend the troops in ?
How many Beatles ' records went #1 ?
Who is the only prime minister of Canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively ?
What is the abbreviation of the company name " General Motors " ?
What mountains lie between the Arkansas and Missouri rivers ?
What is the function of RAM ?
What 's the closest G2 Spectrum Yellow Dwarf to Earth ?
How many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle ?
What is the fear of cockroaches called ?
What CBS soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin of John F. Kennedy 's assassination ?
What is the use of a 24-hour clock instead of a 12-hour clock ?
What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Craft ?
What United States President had dreamed that he was assassinated ?
What film did Lee Marvin win the 1965 best actor Oscar for ?
What product does " Mrs. Olsen " promote ?
What is dry ice ?
What 's the most powerful card in Euchre ?
What does " intractable plantar keratoma " mean ?
How many years did it take James Joyce to write Ulysses ?
What crop failure caused the Irish Famine ?
What South Korean city is served by Kimpo International Airport ?
What is the longest-running television series ?
What predators exist on Antarctica ?
What is the difference between a generator and an alternator ?
How is energy created ?
What beer advertised that it had " three rings " ?
What is the quantity of American soldiers still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?
What golfing accessory was patented by George Grant on December 12
What are the different types of plastic ?
How is it correct to say " qigong " ?
What was the highest mountain on earth before Mount Everest was discovered ?
Where was the Ligurian Republic , 1797 - 185 , ?
What Polynesian people inhabit New Zealand ?
What movie tour of the Roman empire features the admonition : " Row well and live " ?
What Nevada center has been dubbed The Biggest Little City in the World ?
What President lived at 219 North Delaware Street , Independence , Missouri ?
Where must a soccer goalie stand to be permitted to handle the ball ?
What is the difference between classical conditioning and operant conditioning ?
In what U.S. state was the first woman governor elected ?
What are some interesting facts and information about dogsledding ?
What kind of animal is Babar ?
How much money are Dumbo 's ears insured for ?
Who danced into stardom with Fred Astaire in 1941 's You 'll Never Get Rich ?
Who is Stein Eriksen ?
What does the name Billie mean ?
What is the highest peak in Africa ?
What desert has been called The Garden of Allah ?
What do bicornate animals have two of ?
What function does a community 's water tower serve ?
What is a fear of weakness ?
How many miles is it to Ohio from North Carolina ?
How much snow equals an inch of rain ?
What does G.M.T. stand for ?
What does Inuit and Eskimo mean ?
What song served as the closing theme of The Johnny Cash Show ?
What field sport did dentist William Beers promote and write a standard book of rules for ?
How do I tie dye clothes ?
When does the average teenager first have intercourse ?
Why does n't www.answers.com have any answers to my questions ?
What actor 's autobiography is titled All My Yesterdays ?
What Russian master spy lived in the U.S. under the name Emil Goldfus ?
Where 's the 19th hole on a golf course ?
What 's nature 's purpose for tornadoes ?
Who played the original Charlie 's Angels ?
Where can I find a person 's address from a telephone number ?
What English word comes from the Old French covrefeu , meaning cover fire ?
What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones 's From Here to Eternity ?
Where did Sarge Steel get his metal hand ?
What makes popcorn pop ?
Who wrote The Night of the Iguana ?
Where does your hair grow the fastest ?
What country did King Gustav V reign over from 197 to 195 ?
Who painted Mother and Child ?
What film marked Robert Redford 's directorial debut ?
What was Mao 's second name ?
Who is the " Queen Mother " ?
What 's the most commonly-spoken language in Belgium ?
Who has more DNA - a man or a woman ?
What are Maid-Rites ?
What children 's tale contains the line : " Come , Cinderslut , and hold this skein of wool for me " ?
What level of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism ?
How many referees work a soccer game ?
What cocktail do you concoct with whisky and sweet vermouth ?
How do you say " fresh " in Spanish ?
What do bee hives do in cranberry bogs ?
What dictator has the nickname " El Maximo " ?
What stereo manufacturer is " Slightly ahead of its time " ?
What U.S. city is The Queen of the Pacific ?
What TV sitcom character had the maiden name Ethel Potter ?
What was the first Lifesaver flavor ?
Who kept the most famous diary in the English language ?
Where can I find out the top 1 singles ?
How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
What Spanish artist painted Crucifixion ?
What is the Jewish bible called ?
Why is the grass green ?
What is a firewall ?
What spy novelist served as Moscow correspondent for Reuter and The Times of London ?
Which oil company almost picked a word that meant " stalled car " in Japanese as its new international name ?
Who was Randy Steven Craft 's lawyer ?
What was known as the Spice Island ?
Who was the first host of Person to Person ?
What deck of cards includes the Wheel of Fortune , the Lovers , and Death ?
What does the Statue of Liberty wear on her feet ?
Who is the superstar in rent-a-cars ?
What household facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ?
What was the name of Betty Boop 's dog ?
What fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
What was the Bridge of San Luis Rey made of ?
What do economists do ?
What country has the largest sheep population ?
What do I need to do to take my dog with me to live in Dominica , West Indies for a year ?
What country is the world 's largest importer of cognac ?
How many years is Johnnie Walker Black Label aged ?
How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it , ?
What makes a clitoris sensitive ?
What country has the most time zones , with 11 ?
What " magic " does Mandrake employ ?
Whose first presidential order was : " Let 's get this goddamn thing airborne " ?
What was introduced commercially by Bayer A.G. of Leverkusen , in 1899 ?
How many innings are there in a regulation softball game ?
What is the largest city on the Great Lakes ?
How many wives did Brigham Young have ?
What product on the market is good for hiding facial scars ?
How long is the Coney Island boardwalk ?
What city gained renown for its pea-soup fogs ?
What does " Janelle " mean ?
How do I get another city 's newspaper ?
Who was shot in the back during a Poker game in Deadwood , the Dakota territory ?
What are the distinct physical characterstics of the Arabian horse ?
What is a fear of thunder ?
What animal has killed the most people ?
How many colleges are in Wyoming ?
What Russian seaport has a name meaning " Lord of the East " ?
Where can stocks be traded on-line ?
When was the Battle of Hastings ?
What kind of file has the extension .dbf ?
What then-derogatory term was applied to the painters Monet , Sisley , Pissarro , Renoir and Degas ?
What is a wop ?
Where do rocks come from ?
How do I stop background noise in a car stereo ?
Where do people mountain climb in Nepal ?
What is the best college in the country ?
What are the Nordic nations ?
Where on the Internet can I get information about the Fifth Amendment on the American Bill of Rights ?
What U.S. state borders Illinois to the north ?
What is the temperature for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
What is a fear of bees ?
What Vladimir Nabokov novel features Professor Humbert in love with a 12-year-old girl ?
What is a green bog ?
Where did the myth of Santa Claus originate ?
What does a chairbound basophobic fear ?
What game do Steve McQueen and Edward G. Robinson play in The Cincinnati Kid ?
What fastener did Whitcomb Judson patent in 1893 ?
What 's an auberge in France ?
Who was the star of the 1965 Broadway hit Golden Boy ?
What army was founded by William Booth and his wife Catherine ?
What does ribavirin consist of ?
What is the web address of the list of e-mail addresses of members of the House of Representatives ?
What was her real name ?
Why are the ears your center of balance ?
Who invented the toothbrush ?
What was the name of that popular song the Creeps sang ?
Where is the Abominable Snowman said to wander ?
What is a fear of being alone ?
How many dots make up the symbol for " because " ?
What do you get by adding Lactobacillus bulgaricus to milk ?
When reading classified ads , what does EENTY : other stand for ?
What plant has the largest seed ?
What was the only country you were allowed to drive into Israel from in 1979 ?
What 's approaching when a cyclist shouts : " Oil " ?
What baseball star turned down a $ 1,000 a-year contract because he felt he had n't earned it ?
What kind of sport is often associated with hooligans ?
What video game hero do some of his fans call Chomper ?
How many holes are there in a tenpin bowling ball ?
In What city or state do the most gay men live in ?
What TV comediennes 's characters include former movie star Nora Desmond , secretary Mrs. Wiggins and a housewife named Eunice ?
What is " the bear of beers " ?
What does the name " Justin " mean ?
What percentage of the body is muscle ?
What color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops ?
What is a golf ball made of ?
What is the Amish religion ?
What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?
What was the name of the 1870s Irish terrorist group in Pennsylvania mining areas ?
Who played the Ringo Kid in the 1939 film Stagecoach ?
Who died 1 feet from where John F. Kennedy did ?
What is the " coppertop " battery ?
What sign is The Water Carrier the zodiacal symbol for ?
What animals do you find in the stock market ?
What is color ?
When is the site www.questions.com going to open ?
What first name was Nipsy Russell given at birth ?
How can I get some free technical information on Electric Vehicle ?
Who is the youngest of the Beatles ?
How did shipyard inspector James J. Kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory ?
What is a Jellicle Cat ?
Where can I find the best free evidence for debate about Russia ?
What is Bill Gates of Microsoft E-mail address ?
What is the second hardest substance ?
Why did several San Diego schools stop serving apples to students ?
What Russian city boasts the Hermitage Museum ?
What makes a tornado turn ?
How many shots can a stock M16 hold ?
What two colors are you blind to if you suffer from protanopia ?
Why do n't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?
What is artificial intelligence ?
What do flatfish eat ?
Who was the first Holy Roman Emperor ?
What can I use to remove the stubborn gummed labels from some diskettes ?
What day of the week sees the most fatal car accidents ?
What is the origin of the word , magic ?
What sport do you shag flies in ?
What is white chocolate ?
Who graced the airwaves with such pearls as " Do ya lo-o-ove me ? Get naked , baby ! " ?
What kind of wine is Spumante ?
Who portrayed portly criminologist Carl Hyatt on Checkmate ?
How do you say I love you in Spanish ?
What does the name Gina mean ?
What is the most advanced handheld calculator in the world ?
How fast is light ?
What is the belt of low pressure around the equator called ?
What are shooting stars ?
When was the first American encyclopedia published ?
How is Easter Sunday 's date determined ?
What is the Motto for the State of Maryland ?
Where can I find information on the Narragansett Indians and other tribes in Rhode Island ?
How many quarters equal a pound ?
What kind of books does Fodor 's publish ?
What are the first names of Rowan and Martin , the stars of TV 's Laugh-In ?
What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?
Who is the worst US President ever ?
What Asian leader was known as The Little Brown Saint ?
What is the abbreviated expression for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
How fast does the fastest car go ?
What arch can you see from the Place de la Concorde ?
Who sings the song " Drink to me with thine eyes " by Ben Johnson ?
How long should a person wash their hands before they are clean ?
Which way do you turn your Bic to increase the flame - clockwise or counterclockwise ?
Which is the wealthiest country in the world ?
How can I find a phone number of someone if I only know their email address ?
How can you contact play producers and promoters on-line ?
What is a fear of passing high objects ?
What do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs ?
What are the top ten most common girl names in the US ?
Why is black the color of mourning in the West ?
What is the rarest coin ?
What Judith Rossner novel was made into a film starring Diane Keaton ?
What is a fear of parasites ?
In what Olympic Games did Nadia Comaneci become popular ?
Who does data collection in tourism ?
What was the name of the daughter of the Virginia chief Powhatan that married John Rolfe ?
What is the leading pecan and peanut growing state ?
What does a nihilist believe in ?
In what sport are these following numbers relevant : 118 , 126 , 134 , 142 , 15 , 158 , 167 , 177 , and 19 ?
Who were the four famous founders of United Artists ?
What 2 statues did France give to other countries ?
How many sperm cells are in an average ejaculation ?
How far do you have to run if you hit a home run ?
Who was the only U.S. President to wear a Nazi uniform ?
Where are the tropical rain forest distributions ?
What 's the nickname of oddsmaker Jimmy Snyder ?
What is the fear of being loved ?
What was the number of people that Randy Steven Craft was convicted of killing ?
What was Queen Victoria 's title regarding India ?
How is a hydrogen bomb different from a nuclear bomb ?
How far can a man travel in outer space ?
What type of food makes you fat ?
What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969 ?
What kind of animals are Dorsets , Lincolns , Oxfords and Southdowns ?
What are the shortest and the longest songs ever produced ?
What letter is to the right of K on a typewriter keyboard ?
What is the origin and the meaning of the name , " Hajo ? "
What is the plural of gulf ?
Whose autobiography is titled Yes I Can ?
What year did the United States pass the Copyright law ?
What percentage of Americans own their homes ?
What 's the first day of the week ?
What city was President William McKinley shot in ?
What city has the world 's longest subway system ?
Who claimed he killed 4,280 buffalo as food for the crew building the Kansas Pacific Railway ?
What is Bombay duck ?
What double talking " professor " holds a doctorate in Nothing ?
What are the five most expensive cities in the world ?
What 19th-century writer had a country estate on the Hudson dubbed Sunnyside ?
How many layers of yellow paint is a Faber Mongol pencil lucky enough to be sprayed with ?
What is a virtual IP address ?
What was the name of the cook on Rawhide ?
What county is Chicago in ?
What facial feature typically contains about 55 hairs ?
How can I transport files from one computer to another ?
What 's the literary term for a play on words ?
What color were their horses ?
What author landed a 468-pound marlin without harness in the early 1930<s ?
How many Americans fought for the British in the American Revolution ?
What kind of education do I need to become a flight attendant ?
What are the two languages of Malta ?
How many oceans are there and name them ?
What happened during the Blackhawk Indian war of 1832 ?
How many pairs of legs does a lobster have ?
What does the Latin ante mortem mean ?
What does the name Shawn mean ?
What lawyer won the largest divorce settlement , $85 million , in U.S. history for Sheika Dena Al-Farri ?
Who delivered his last newscast on March 6 , 1981 ?
How many times has " Louie , Louie " been recorded ?
How is Answers.com different from KnowPost.com ?
What is the longest place name in the U.S. ?
What percent liked Thatcher after she had been in power for a decade ?
What was Mel Gibson 's first movie ?
Why was the L.A. office of Shea and Gould closed ?
How do I start a bank ?
How do Ouija Boards work ?
What horse did Zorro ride ?
How do you get a broken cork out of a bottle ?
Where can I find correct tabs for Third Eye Blind songs ?
How do you determine heating requirements for your home ?
What former major-league left-handed baseball pitcher was known as " Space Man " ?
Which hair care product told us " hate that gray , wash it away " ?
Why did the chicken cross the road ?
What was Michelangelo 's last name ?
What was Connecticut 's first constitution called ?
What historical event happened in Dogtown in 1899 ?
What is being done about the millennium bug ?
What was the claim to fame of King Camp Gillette ?
What is Olestra ?
What Asian country has a bill of rights for cows ?
How many fingers are used to draw a bow ?
What are two plants that clothes are made from ?
What President-to-be was the first member of Congress to enlist following the attack on Pearl Harbor ?
What was the price of Varian Associates ' vacuum products division ?
What college produced the most winning Super Bowl quarterbacks ?
How do you solve " Rubik 's Cube " ?
What is prepared mustard ?
What classical Spanish writer warned : " All that glitters is not gold " ?
What does " antidisestablishmentarianism " mean ?
What actor married John F. Kennedy 's sister ?
What does a topophobic actor suffer from ?
The italian artist , Maurizio Pellegrin , is how old ?
Who was the first black golfer to tee off in the Masters ?
What city is the setting for Puccini 's opera La Boheme ?
What U.S. President showed a fondness for munching on bee pollen bars ?
Whose cover is that of an employee of Universal Import and Export ?
What former president 's daughter has written a book titled Murder in the White House ?
What fictional character is known as the " melancholy Dane " ?
What longtime game show host dropped dead while jogging in Central Park in 1984 ?
What is the meaning of W.B. Yeat 's poem , " The Three Hermits ? "
Who were the " filthiest people alive ? "
What infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?
What is an isthmus ?
What was the name of the orca that died of a fungal infection ?
Where is Mozambique located ?
What is Mississippi 's state animal ?
What 's the origin of the word " news " ?
What did Dan Aykroyd and John Belushi quit Saturday Night Live to become ?
How do fuel injectors work ?
How can your school march in the Macy 's Thanksgiving Parade ?
What is the real name of disc jockey " Wolfman Jack " ?
What Italian liner was hijacked in 1985 ?
What soap was touted as being " for people who like people " ?
How much was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
What new middle school was built in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania last year ?
Who patented the first phonograph ?
What are some tips for building a fire in a fireplace ?
How do you say 2 in Latin ?
What were popular songs and types of songs in the 1920s ?
What is November 's birthstone ?
What is a Certified Nurse Midwife ?
On average , how many miles are there to the moon ?
Who created private detective Philip Marlowe ?
What Boris Pasternak book sold 5,0 copies to become the fiction best-seller of 1958 ?
What is the origin of the expression " tout de suite " ?
What species is a colt ?
What is the full name of the PLO ?
What is the smallest country in Africa ?
What age followed the Bronze Age ?
What is her profession ?
What is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?
What does the word LASER mean ?
What does the name " Anthony " mean ?
Who was Lauren Bacall 's first husband ?
What is a rhomboideus minor ?
How many hands does Bjorn Borg use when hitting his forehand ?
How many people died on D-Day ?
What is the student population at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst ?
Why were people recruited for the Vietnam War ?
What American League baseball team 's worst finish between 1926 and 1964 was fourth ?
Where can I find the names of all the 15 Pokemon ?
What are the Benelux countries ?
Where 's the Petrified Forest ?
What is a language spoken by the Sioux ?
Who was the author of " John Brown 's Body " ?
What American poet wrote : " Good fences make good neighbors " ?
What state in the U.S. has the most blacks ?
What was the occupation of Mandy Rice-Davies ?
What is the city in which Maurizio Pellegrin lives called ?
What are the living conditions in Cuba ?
What color are school buses ?
What is the oldest website on the Internet ?
What events happened January 26 , 1978 ?
What explorers followed Columbus to the Americas ?
Who is actress Goldie Hawn 's current actor boyfriend ?
Who banned Peter Rose from baseball for betting on games ?
What are the seven virtues ?
What is a fear of food ?
What are the names of Richard Nixon 's two daughters ?
What 's the word for broken glass or sharp rocks embedded in cement on top of a wall ?
What is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
What organization was founded by the Rev. Jerry Falwell ?
Which soft drink does Madonna advertise for ?
What company is being bought by Yahoo and how much is the deal worth ?
How many double-word-score spaces are there on a Scrabble Crossword Game board ?
What year did Germany sign its nonaggression pact with the Soviet Union ?
What mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the world ?
Who was nicknamed The Little Corporal ?
How many CDs has Garth Brooks sold ?
Where are the leading medical groups specializing in lung diseases ?
How can I find online spelling , and punctuation drills for my 6th grader ?
What 's the sacred river of India ?
What is Stefan Edberg 's native country ?
What is the only gland in humans that can regenerate itself ?
How many Gutenberg Bibles are there ?
What astronomical phenomenon takes place in Jan. 1999 ?
What information can you get me on Fairground Park in St. Louis
What was American folk hero John Chapman 's nickname ?
What is the difference between a median and a mean ?
What was the top box office movie in April 1998 ?
What makes thunder ?
What author did photographer Yousuf Karsh call " the shiest man I ever met " ?
Which is the largest clock , diameter wise , in Europe ?
What plant is rum made from ?
Name the poet of the poem which begins : I do not know much about gods ; but I think that the river Is a strong brown god-sullen , and untamed ?
Which condiment was once sold as a patent medicine ?
What U.S. state records the least rainfall ?
Why did the world enter a global depression in 1929 ?
What was archy , and mehitabel ?
What Texas city got its name from the Spanish for " yellow " ?
What are the chemicals used in glowsticks ?
What country did the Nile River originate in ?
What color are tennis balls ?
What barroom judge called himself The Law West of the Pecos ?
What excuse did the NATO people give for hitting the Chinese embassy ?
What sports event is Meyer Wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in The Great Gatsby ?
What country has the best defensive position in the board game Diplomacy ?
What two countries share the Khyber Pass ?
Who was chairman of the Senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of Watergate ?
What is the origin of the surname of Braun ?
What card game has variations called Canfield , Klondike and Spider ?
What is Australia Day ?
What mammal of North America is the world 's longest-lived for its size ?
What was the Chivington Massacre ?
What actor starred in 1980 's Blue Lagoon , 1982 's The Pirate Movie and 1983 's A Night in Heaven ?
In what city is the headquarters of Sinn Fein ?
Where can I find information on George Bush ?
What is the dialogue circle in cartoons called ?
What does the word camaro mean , from the GM car the Camaro ?
Who replaced Bert Parks as the host of The Miss America Pageant ?
How many boys play the game in Winslow Homer 's 1872 painting Snap the Whip ?
What is the AIM-54C Phoenix ?
When are sheep shorn ?
What sport is Chris Jogis a top player of ?
What 's the second-largest island in the world ?
What is the definition of low island ?
What century does Captain Video live in ?
What types of water pollution are there ?
How many astronauts manned each Project Mercury flight ?
What are some of the significant historical events of the 1990s ?
What is the difference between Neoclassical art and Romanticism art ?
Who was the first person inducted into the U.S. Swimming Hall of Fame ?
What golfer has been called Ohio Fats and Blobbo ?
What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
What does God create in the first sentence of the Bible ?
Which of the following men was not married to Rita Hayworth ?
What is the current ticket fare from Cairo to Barbados ?
What does NN O< mean when used as a prefix in Irish surnames ?
How do you find oxidation numbers ?
What 1966 boob tube bomb took astronauts back to prehistoric times ?
How many students attend the University of Massachusetts ?
Who said , " I shall return . " during World War Two ?
What holidays are celebrated in Ireland ?
Who portrayed Etta Place , companion to Butch Cassidey and the Sundance Kid ?
What are the Greek numerals ?
What 's the name of the temple that is located near the capital city of Laos ?
What is a fear of sleep ?
What auto race was Wilbur Reed the first to win three times ?
What are the most common breeding birds in the U.S. ?
What was organized as a Confederate veterans ' social club in Pulaski , in Tennessee , in 1866 ?
How do you look up criminal records on the Internet ?
What is an example of an actual case of using the Fourteenth Amendment ?
Who was the Charlie perfume woman ?
What singer became despondent over the death of Freddie Prinze , quit show business , and then quit the business ?
When did Iraqi troops invade Kuwait ?
What was Mark Johnson referring to when he said : " I still can 't believe it - we beat the Russians ? "
What car was driven in the 199 release of " Smokey and the Bandit " ?
What was the backup singing group for Roy Rogers ?
What famous singing cowboy owns the California Angels baseball team ?
What 1915 film was the first to gross $5 million ?
What causes someone to be ticklish ?
What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
How many Canadians emmigrate each year ?
What musical instrument did Sherlock Holmes play ?
Who was Gerald Ford 's vice president ?
What is " the washed vodka " ?
How many different languages are spoken in Europe ?
What 's a " Drinker respirator " better known as ?
Who invented batteries ?
Why do recipe books recommend starting with cold water when you boil something ?
Where can I buy a good snowboard for less than $200 ?
What title did Suzette Charles assume for two months in 1984 ?
What was the infamous pseudonym of Peter Sutcliffe ?
What is Smokey The Bear 's middle name ?
What British TV series featured Emma Peel ?
What London street is the home of British journalism ?
What tragedy befell the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?
What is the Immaculate Conception ?
What are the names of all the U.S. Navy aircraft carriers ?
What is Candlemas Day ?
In what city is the famed St. Mark 's Square ?
What does the Quarterly Review of Doublespeak call an " inoperative statement " ?
How much did the minimum wage amount to in 1991 ?
What is a pyrotechnic display ?
How do I find out about jobs ?
What Japanese manufacturer is known for both its pianos and its motorcycles ?
What is the chemical reactivity of argon ?
How many engines does a Boeing 737 have ?
What is the origin of the term " The Brooklyn Side " in bowling ?
What is a fear of being cold ?
How long was Mao 's 1930s Long March ?
What net game sees its women 's world amateur champions receive the Uber Cup ?
What four-legged creature did a Cornell University study say would make man 's best companion in space ?
What does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?
What did British companies stick 175 , 0 tons of tea into in 1982 ?
How can I find out how much income tax is paid on Social Security income on the 1998 income tax ?
Who did Sonny Liston succeed as world heavyweight boxing champion ?
How does Zatanna perform her magic in DC comics ?
What President dispatched a cruiser to carry Charles Lindbergh home after his epic flight ?
Whose video is titled Shape Up with Arnold ?
In which Kevin Costner movie did Sioux Indians play a role ?
How many James Bond novels are there ?
How do you get dates with the " Hooters " girls ?
What bird can swim but can 't fly ?
How can I get a comic character I made copyrighted and published ?
What is Plc ?
How much electricity does the brain need to work ?
How many acres in a mile ?
What Dickens novel has David carrying the message " Barkis is willin " to Peggy ?
What is a hyperlink ?
Who 's the twin brother of the Greek goddess Artemis ?
Where did marijuana come from ?
What is the per-capita income of Colombia , South America , ?
What novel has Big Brother watching ?
How many Grammys did Michael Jackson win in 1983 ?
What does Elysium mean ?
What is Shalom ?
What was the favorite sport of Tom Wolfe 's The Pump House Gang ?
What organic fuel do bog-dwellers use a " slane " to cut ?
What is the average age of a member of the team that worked on the Manhatten Project ?
What country received all the Nobel Prizes awarded in 1976 ?
How do you get rid on woodpeckers ?
How many syllables are there in a line of hendecasyllabic poetry ?
What soft drink first appeared in the Old Corner Drug Store in Waco , Texas , in 1885 ?
What is Britain 's possession on the Chinese mainland ?
Who was America 's first Public Enemy No. 1 ?
How many children under 18 are victims of some sort of Physical Abuse each year ?
What is the origin of thank you notes ?
What did Jimmy Stewart invent ?
What generation am I in ?
What is a fear of hell ?
Who is Dear Abby ?
Who lives at 24 Sussex Drive , Ottawa ?
What is Jell-O made from ?
What are the only two states that incorporate the Confederate battle flag in their flags ?
How do you make panoramic sugar eggs for Easter - the ones with the scene inside ?
What 's the Southern dish made of pigs ' small intestines ?
Who was the famous door-to-door brush salesman ?
What is the executor in a will ?
What inescapable purveyor of background music celebrated its 5th anniversary in July , 1984 ?
How many people in America snore ?
Who is always trying to get the rent from Andy Capp ?
Who did Jackie Kennedy commission to write The Death of a President ?
Which drug is commonly used to treat AIDS ?
How many stars are there on the Soviet Union 's flag ?
What is the difference between microprocessors & microcontrollers ?
Who sought to create The Great Society ?
What are the lengths of pearl necklaces ?
Who said : " Soldiers win the battles and generals get the credit " ?
What is the proof that houseplants metabolize carcinogens ?
What prompted the co-pilot of the Enola Gay to enter only " My God " in his log ?
How long does it take the typical hen to lay 19 dozen eggs ?
What Colorado city owns its own glacier ?
What is the history of " the toast " ?
What was the name of the Protestant revolt against the supremacy of the Pope ?
What is an arab strap ?
Who is the current UN Secretary General ?
Why did Egyptians shave their eyebrows ?
What organization did Mr. Waverly assign agents for ?
What are the characters ' names in the Scooby-Doo cartoon ?
What is a fear of cold ?
What was Eduard Shevardnadze 's job in the Soviet Union ?
What causes rust ?
Which is the only Dick Tracy villain to appear three times ?
What was the monster in Spielberg 's film " Jaws " ?
What color is an Arctic fox in winter ?
What do the names Neil , Mary , and Anthony mean ?
What European capital celebrated its 2 , 000th anniversary in 1951 ?
Why do people in the upper peninsula of Michagin say " eh ? " ?
What country was the setting of You Only Live Twice ?
What was the first Funk <N Lata , Brazilian group , success ?
What is a handheld PC ?
What is Larry King 's job ?
How many calories are in a tomato ?
What war saw a naval battle between the luxury liners Cap Trafalgar and the Carmania ?
What is the treatment for depression ?
What is a fear of slime ?
What country in Latin America is the largest one ?
On which Hawaiian island is Pearl Harbor ?
What feathered cartoon characters do Yugoslavians know as Vlaja , Gaja , and Raja ?
What Marx Brothers movie centers on a stolen painting ?
What was unusual about Alexandra 's appearance in Josie and the Pussycats ?
What is the origin of the word " mind " ?
What game is fatal to anybody over 21 ?
What is the death toll of people dying from tuberculosis ?
What happened to Moon Maiden ?
What city is wiener schnitzel named for ?
What are the Urals ?
How can you stop the itch from poison ivy ?
What desert has the highest sand dunes ?
What two countries contain Sierra Nevada mountains ?
How do you tell your parents you are dating an older man ?
How long was the TV mission of Star Trek 's Enterprise to be ?
What phone number can I call to have a tree planted ?
When did the " Star-Spangled Banner " become the national anthem ?
What are the four natural aids used in riding a horse ?
What continent 's name appears on the upper left corner of a Budweiser label ?
Who was the Secretary of War in the Civil War during the Battle of Gettysburg ?
Who did Bobby Fischer beat to win the world chess championship ?
How do you exterminate bees that are in the walls of your home ?
Where can I get information and statistics on countries and nations ?
What day is August 13 , 1971 ?
Where can I find a list of all the companies in America that offer a direct stock purchase plan ?
How do you send a movie transcript to Hollywood so that it can be produced into a film ?
What literary classic centers on the search for a treasure in gold worth 7,0 pounds ?
What is the origin of blue for boys and pink for girls ?
How big is a quart ?
What is the Hub of London ?
What causes panic attacks ?
What was the filling in the first golf balls ?
What drug did Sigmund Freud become fascinated with while experimenting with the treatment of neurasthenia ?
What country was A Terrible Beauty to Leon Uris ?
Where can I buy a hat like the kind Jay Kay from Jamiroquai wears ?
What are the Twin Cities ?
What is Beethoven 's 9th symphony called ?
What does Ms. , Miss , and Mrs. stand for ?
What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?
What explosive do you get by mixing charcoal , sulfur and saltpeter ?
What mountainous region of the world is the Lhasa Apso dog native to ?
How long does it take light to reach the Earth from the Sun ?
Who lives at 39 Stone Canyon Way ?
How many questions are on this thing ?
Who played Humpty Dumpty in the 1933 film Alice in Wonderland ?
Who is Karenna Gore , Al Gore 's oldest daughter , married to ?
Who played the title role in I Was a Teenage Werewolf ?
Why are there olives in martinis ?
In what year did Hitler gain power of Germany ?
What year did Rossetti paint " Beata Beatrix " ?
What record company produced the 1978 movie The Wiz ?
Where can I find information about touring the Philippines ?
What did The Gas House Gang play ?
How many square feet is Bill Gates ' home ?
What is the name of actor Rex Harrison 's son , who starred in a modestly popular TV show during the late 1960<s ?
What is the highest Roman numeral ?
What 's the most popular form of bridge ?
Who was the inventor of the stove ?
What comedian has a legendary reputation for stealing jokes ?
Where can I find information on the cyclone that hit New Jersey on 8/28/1941 ?
What are the first ten amendements passed ?
What is another term for the painful wrist syndrome ?
What 's the difference between sleet and freezing rain ?
Who was made the first honorary citizen of the U.S. ?
What game is Garry Kasparov really good at ?
Where was Richard Nixon when Gerald Ford became president ?
Where does the U.S. rank among world countries in area ?
What novel did Ian Fleming introduce James Bond in ?
What baseball team was routinely called " dem bums " by its frustrated fans ?
What are the major differences in the Catholic and Methodist religions ?
How much energy is released when oxygen and hydrogen mix ?
What is the best Internet business to go into ?
What does Venus Retrograde mean ?
Who is known as " the world 's oldest teenager " ?
What are the largest breweries in the world ?
What does Las Vegas mean ?
What does the word " meta " mean ?
What keeps clouds in the air ?
What 's the term for any four-sided figure ?
What country and western singer is known as The Silver Fox ?
What building appropriately enough is depicted on the back of the 1-dollar bill ?
What is graduate school ?
What is the difference between New York-style and Chicago-style pizza ?
What baseball team owner and sailor is known as The Mouth of the South ?
What type of betting is used in horse racing ?
What kind of hat does Bat Masterson wear ?
Who was with Patricia Hearst the night she was kidnapped ?
What is the Viking Prince 's first name ?
What does the abbreviation cwt. mean ?
In what deodorant commercial did tenants have adjoining medicine cabinets ?
What boxer 's life story is titled Raging Bull ?
Who advised listeners to " see the U.S.A. in your Chevrolet " ?
Where was the first restaurant ?
Where can I find full written draft of CTBT ?
How many horses died during the civil war ?
How much waste does an average dairy cow produce in a day ?
What woman has carried the most multiple births , twins , triplets , etc. , ?
How many minutes were there on the original GE College Bowl clock ?
What is the average time it takes for a male to ejaculate ?
What is website of the International Court of Justice ?
Where are 8 of the 10 highest mountains in the world ?
Where can I look at a perpetual calendar ?
In what year did the Bounty mutiny happen ?
What is the only substance that gives food its " taste " when eaten ?
How do you reference a website ?
What do the letters ZIP stand for in the phrase " ZIP code " ?
Which Bourbon king was restored to the French throne during Napoleon 's abdication ?
What are the words to " My Way " written by Paul Anka ?
How do I install a tile floor ?
What is the quickest and easiest way to get nail polish out of clothes ?
Why was the zipper invented ?
What 's the No. 1 killer in industrialized countries ?
What daughter of Henry VIII and Anne Boleyn became queen of England ?
How did " stat " come to be used as an expression for quickly ?
What 's the most common nickname of U.S. college football teams ?
What 's the distinction of U.S. Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall ?
What is the most useful site on the Internet ?
What was a Mae West on a World War II battleship ?
Define cosmology .
What comedienne upstaged Dwight D. Eisenhower 's first inauguration by giving birth to her first child ?
What are amicable numbers ?
When were the Olympic Games in which Nadia Comaneci became popular played ?
Where is Hearst Castle , built by publisher William Randolph Hearst ?
Who sang about Desmond and Molly Jones ?
What magazine gives us the cream , not the skim ?
What does the technique called " cold fusion " produce ?
What meter did Shakespeare use in writing : " To be , or not to be , that is the question.. . " ?
How many rows of sprocket holes does a roll of 35-millimeter film have ?
What is the goat population of the world ?
What company was the original sponsor of TV 's Superman ?
What term does a Czech use to describe a Pole ?
What sea separates Naples and Algiers ?
How many lawyers are there in the state of New Jersey ?
What are the most common elements in seawater ?
What is the origin of the ethnic category " caucasian " ?
What kind of science is cosmology ?
What 's the second-lightest element ?
What do you call a " twirl " in ballet ?
What is the brand name of daminozide ?
What is the former name of Zimbabwe ?
What National Basketball Association superstar told his story in Giant Steps ?
What animals did The Amazing Three masquerade as ?
How did the bikini bathing suite get its name ?
When did Fraze get his first patent for the pull-tab can ?
How many games are played in a five-team round-robin tournament ?
Who developed the first polio vaccine ?
Who made the first gas engine ?
What country claimed Rubens , Van Dyck and Bruegel as citizens ?
What civil war was fought between 1936 and 1939 ?
How many questions do you have on your database ?
How do clouds form ?
What character did Tex Avery first create upon arriving at MGM ?
What Asian spiritual and political leader was married at the age of 13 ?
What is the half-life of P-32 ?
What ocean does Mauritania border ?
Why do pressure cookers save time in the kitchen ?
Why are there 12 people on a jury in criminal cases ?
What do Christian Scientists believe in ?
What World War I battle saw 6,0 troops killed in one day ?
What country is Kosovo a part of ?
What computer operating system is on the most computers ?
What is Bill Gross 's email address ?
What is the economic impact of unemployment on the economy ?
What do the letters D.C. stand for in Washington , D.C. ?
What animals can live the longest without food ?
What English queen had seventeen children ?
What is the approximate population of Las Vegas , N.M ?
How much does the President get paid ?
What two baseball players make up the battery ?
What 's the largest letter in Salvador Dali 's signature ?
What does an irate car owner call iron oxide ?
Of children between the ages of two and eleven , what percentage watch " The Simpsons " ?
What 's the northernmost U.S. state apart from Alaska ?
Who sells Viagra ?
What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones 's From Here to Eternity ?
What is the Home Rule Act ?
What building are British monarchs crowned in ?
What are Bellworts ?
Who was Darius ?
What movie told of Anna Anderson 's claim to be a Russian czar 's daughter ?
Who did Dita Beard work for ?
What kind of creature is a coot ?
What country was first to use the airplane as a weapon of war , against the Turks in Libya ?
What is a fear of disease ?
What kind of meat is Fray Bentos synonymous with ?
What did Mr. Magoo flog on TV for General Electric ?
What are the words to the Canadian National anthem ?
Who served as inspiration for the schoolteacher portrayed by Robin Williams in " Dead Poets Society " ?
What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
Which one of the original seven Mercury program astronauts did not fly on any of the Mercury flights ?
Who is the best known villain of the 165 Gunpowder Plot ?
Why was Muhammad Ali stripped of his title and barred from boxing in 1967 ?
Who killed more people , Hitler or Stalin ?
What caused Shea & Gould to close their L.A. office ?
What 's the only mammal that can 't jump ?
What U.S. state has the most blondes ?
What war saw battles at Parrot 's Beak and Black Virgin ?
What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969 ?
What does the name Kelly mean ?
What is a phalanx ?
What mustachioed comedian portrayed Frankie in North to Alaska ?
What does each of the utilities cost in Monopoly ?
What actor and World War II airman had a $5,0 bounty put on his head by Hermann Goering ?
What does e.g. stand for ?
How do storms form ?
Who is Nicolo Paganini ?
What city is often called The Insurance Capital of the World ?
What are the three animals in Sheila Burnford 's The Incredible Journey ?
Who portrayed Dracula in Hammer Studios ' films ?
When were fish first believed to be found on earth ?
What President 's favorite Biblical quotation was : " Come now , and let us reason together " .
How many elevators do you ride to reach the top floor of the Empire State Building ?
Name the food company that traveled to Soviet Georgia to film a series of ads .
What country was Sir Edmund Hillary born in ?
What 's an infant seal called ?
What was the proper Laugh-In respones to : " Say goodnight , Dick " ?
What city was John F. Kennedy nominated for president in ?
How long does a dog sleep ?
What 1963 Joseph L. Mankiewicz film cost $28 million ?
What Japanese electronics company was named for a coastal city northeast of Tokyo ?
What can you be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
How much will the California be in the year 2000 ?
What mystery writer penned " ...the glory that was Greece , and the grandeur that was Rome " ?
What state full of milk and honey was the destination in The Grapes of Wrath ?
What are some important events of the 1830s ?
The Iraqis launched their attack on Kuwait on what day ?
What letter adorns the flag of Rwanda ?
What is God ?
What country 's northernmost city is Darwin ?
What sound does Olympia , Washington , overlook ?
What TV show chronicled the lives of Katy Holstrum and Congressman Glen Morley ?
What Kentucky city calls itself The Horse Center of America ?
How many penny-farthings are there on a Trivial Pursuit game board ?
What 's the most abundant element in the sun ?
What European country boasts the city of Furth , found where the rivers Rednitz and Pegnitz converge ?
What U.S. state is Dixville Notch in ?
Where was the Cisalpine Republic , 1797-185 , ?
What is the largest shopping mall in the world ?
What is the protagonist 's name in Dostoevski 's " The Idiot " ?
What penalty space lies between Baltic Avenue and Reading Railroad on a Monopoly board ?
What presidential press secretary dismissed Watergate as a third-rate burglary attempt ?
Who was Jean Nicolet ?
Which of these are authors ?
What 's the international radio code word for the letter B ?
Who was the original Humpty Dumpty ?
What is cache memory ?
When is President Nixon 's birthday ?
What is the origin of the midwest slang , " you 're darn tootin " ?
Whose cupboard was bare ?
What are the seven seas ?
What does IBM stand for ?
What is the difference between jazz and blues ?
What is the C programming language ?
What 's the name of Popeye 's adopted son ?
Who invented the vacuum cleaner ?
What is a " borrow pit " ?
What 2th-century fictional character attends Pencey Prep School ?
How many people in the USA say their number one source of information is the newspaper ?
Who does Shakespeare 's Antonio borrow 3,0 ducats from ?
Which country is known as " Big Bear " ?
How many times a day should you take a prescription marked " q.i.d . " ?
What is the origin of the atom ?
Which radio stations air the Jim Bohannon Radio Talk Show ?
What two commanders directed the forces in the Battle of El Alamein ?
How do I e-mail someone at aol.com from yahoo.com ?
Who replies " I know " to Princess Leia 's confession " I love you " in The Empire Strikes Back ?
What is the meaning of the name Ella ?
What 's the home of the Rockettes ?
Where can I find all the information I need to know about the English Civil War , 1642-1649 , ?
What is the name of the firm that makes Spumante ?
What sport is played on the largest field ?
Who won the 1967 Academy Award for Best Actor ?
What is after death ?
What was football star Elroy Hirsch 's nickname ?
What singer sings " Oh Boy " ?
How much pizza do Americans eat in a day ?
What is the website for the USA journal ?
What army 's motto is Blood and Fire ?
What kind of patent did Ermal Fraze get in 1963 ?
What are you hearing when you put a seashell to your ear ?
Why are haunted houses popular ?
Which gender has bigger thighs ?
What U.S. state has the second-longest coastline ?
What state 's home to the Buffalo Bill Historical Center ?
How fast do cheetahs run ?
What is Ray Bradbury 's illustrated man illustrated with ?
How fast is a 45Mhz processor ?
What kind of puzzle first appeared in the U.S. in the New York World on December 21 , 1913 ?
What count did Alexandre Dumas write about ?
What are the odds of giving birth to twins ?
What is the largest natural lake in Pennsylvania ?
How far is London UK from California ?
What is the virus HIV ?
How many years old is Benny Carter ?
What Hermann Hesse book gave its name to a rock group ?
Where does the Santa Fe Trail begin and end ?
What book is the follow-up to Future Shock ?
What African animals are known as The Big Five ?
What is the alphabet for Latin ?
What is the fear of frogs ?
Which city in Canada is the least-populated ?
How old is Stevie Wonder ?
Who is Luke Skywalker 's father ?
What does a dipsomaniac crave ?
What is the definition of the term " weapons system " ?
What are Christopher Marlowe 's and Shakespeare 's literary contributions to English literature ?
What is Nero Wolfe 's favorite drink during office hours ?
What is the first personal computer company ?
What is the most efficient way to start a barbeque ?
Why are there Braille things on the ATM machines that people drive through ?
What book did Aaron Hass write ?
When will the millennium officially begin ?
Which Vietnamese terrorist is now a UN delegate in Doonesbury ?
What is real time processing ?
What do we call the imaginary line along the top of the Rocky Mountains ?
What country 's capital is Lagos ?
Where does Ray Bradbury 's Chronicles take place ?
Who is the current prime minister and president of Russia ?
Who established a Viking colony in Greenland about 985 ?
Where can I get information about cystic fibrosis ?
Where did Honecker rule ?
What is the theory of equivalence states ?
What does a philatelist collect ?
What is the life span of the average monkey ?
How many member states are in the UN ?
Who shot and killed himself while painting Wheatfield with Crows ?
What will happen when sodium is put in water ?
What 's the meaning of UOL ?
What future President became Senate majority whip under Harry Truman ?
Which operating system runs on IBM-compatible machines ?
What are the dimensions of an ice hockey goal ?
What are the signs of a country going into a recession ?
What is the circumorbital hematoma ?
What African country is governed from Ouagadougou ?
What was the Christian name of the title character in Our Miss Brooks ?
What hard-of hearing artist painted Sunflowers ?
Who were the Yankee 's frequent enemies ?
Who wrote Sons and Lovers ?
What handicraft requires you to interlace your warp and weft ?
What French seaport claims to be The Home of Wines ?
How long does it take sunlight to reach Earth ?
How many milliseconds in a second ?
What Cherokee Indian gave his name to a tree ?
When were camcorders introduced in Malaysia ?
What is the chance of conceiving quadruplets ?
Who was the star of Leave It to Beaver ?
What countries have the largest armed forces in the world ?
What was William F. Cody 's better-known name ?
How do I increase my biceps ' size ?
Who did Richard Nixon tender his resignation to ?
Who was Thucydides ?
How is the element strontium purified ?
Which of the following rock <n roll stars has a " star " on Hollywood Boulevard ?
What are tonsils for ?
What molecules include fluorine , sodium and magnesium ?
What was the name of the ball game played by the mayans ?
What was the sequel to The Moon 's Balloon ?
What is the exchange rate for Australian to American money ?
What is the origin of the word " posh " ?
How can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?
How many states did Richard Nixon carry in 1972 ?
What basketball maneuver did Bert Loomis invent ?
What is a good book to read for people who hate to read ?
How many shillings more than 2 were there in a guinea ?
What does a tarantula eat ?
What are the three secondary colors ?
What does the name " Sabrina " mean ?
Who took over as conductor of the Boston Pops after Arthur Fiedler 's long reign ?
What were the trials called which followed World War II ?
What is hebephrenia ?
What Nazi leader killed himself in jail just before he was to be executed as a war criminal ?
What famous events have happened on March 27 ?
Which company claimed to be " the world 's biggest toy store " ?
What brand number graces the black label of a bottle of Jack Daniel 's ?
What do I call the sons and daughters of my first cousins ?
What were the causes of the Civil War ?
What city is terrorized by Dracula in The Night Stalker ?
How can you prevent it ?
What do the names Andrew and Christina mean ?
What chocolate bar created by Frank Mars and his wife is often called a Milky Way with peanuts ?
Who is the fastest guitarist ?
What do camels store in their humps ?
What is the best hospital for orthopedics in the country ?
What are perfect tenses ?
What is commonly considered the fifth sense ?
What was another name for East Germany ?
What 's the second-biggest-selling magazine in America ?
Who betrayed Norway to the Nazis ?
Who took the toys donated for the Doodyville Orphans ' Fund and kept them for himself ?
What is a bourdon tube ?
Who were the Picts ?
What do Caroll Baker , Tammy Grimes , Debbie Reynolds , and Judy Garland all have in common ?
What is film noir ?
Who is stationed at Camp Swampy in the comic strips ?
In what year did China and the Republic of Korea establish diplomatic relations ?
What causes tuberculosis ?
What actor dressed up as Santa Claus and had a once-a-year affair with actress Shelley Winters every Christmas for many years ?
What animal was the heat-seeking missile called the Sidewinder named for ?
How long did it take Stanley to find Livingstone ?
How much of the nation 's children between the ages of two and eleven watch " The Simpsons " ?
What lake is Sheboygan on ?
What are a baseball team 's firemen ?
What is a fear of color ?
What Nantucket shipwreck killed more divers exploring it than the 52 people it sank with ?
What are the two largest birds on earth ?
What is the largest lake in North America ?
How many people died because of a smoking problem in 1997 ?
What is chronic constipation a symptom of ?
Who wrote The Look of Love after viewing Ursula Andress ?
What is the name of the American swimmer who won seven gold medals in the 1972 Olympics ?
Who claims to have the greatest show on earth ?
What Honeymooners actress did Television magazine name as 1953 's most promising star ?
Why ca n't women serve in the Navy on board submarines ?
What did the Yalta Conference lead to ?
What dog was dubbed The Mortgage Lifter ?
What 's the difference between J.D. and LL.M. ?
What kind of organization is " Last Chance for Animals " ?
What was the role of the Medieval Guild ?
How can someone become a federal agent ?
Whom did Lauren Bacall marry after her husband Humphrey Bogart died ?
How many times in his 16-year National Basketball Associaton career was John Havlicek a member of the all-star team ?
Shea and Gould had an office in Los Angeles for how long before closing it ?
What word occurs 46,227 times in the Bible ?
How can you be happy ?
How would someone go about becoming an organ donor ?
What year did Degas create the bronze sculpture , " Fourth Position Front ? "
What composer was awarded the Medal of Honor by Franklin D. Roosevelt ?
How many URL extensions are there ? and what are they ?
How long after intercourse does it take to find out if you are pregnant ?
What does U.S.S.R. stand for ?
Who created the Fantastic Four , Hulk , and Thor ?
What is a fear of gravity ?
Who is the composer of " Canon in D Major " ?
What did n't Rocky Marciano do in his pro boxing career ?
Where are all European and American eels born ?
Who was the author of the novel " Far From the Madding Crowd " ?
What is the definition of " graphic details " ?
What was " America 's recessed-filter cigarette " ?
What kind of dog is Scooby Doo ?
What is the function of the appendix ?
What department store heir is responsible for raising a three-ton safe from the underwater wreckage of the Andrea Doria ?
Which sex is twice as likely to contract leprosy ?
What was the first town to be chartered in Vermont ?
What state has the longest Great Lakes shoreline ?
What U.S. state ends with a G ?
How many varieties of twins are there ?
What is a Cartesian Diver ?
What are the largest libraries in the US ?
Who was Camp David named for ?
What document did President Andrew Johnson want a copy of placed under his head upon his burial ?
What happened in dogtown in 1899 to make that year remembered ?
What wheel did Blaise Pascal invent in a search for perpetual motion ?
How much money was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
In what year was the first patent for the pull-tab opener on cans obtained ?
What country boasts the most dams ?
What is the regular price ?
What Metropolis landmark was first introduced in the Superman cartoons of the 1940<s ?
Where can one find Mozambique ?
How do you recognize anorexia ?
What Mary Tyler Moore Show regular came into the world as Tadeus Wladyslaw Konopka ?
Who won the first World Series ?
What did Aaron Hass write ?
Who is Samuel Pickering ?
What was the business of the animated Sky Hawks ?
Who was credited with saying : " I never met a man I did n't like " ?
What overalls are named for Dungri , a suburb of Bombay ?
Why do rooftops give off steam after a big rainstorm ?
How much of the earth 's surface is permanently frozen ?
What is the connection between New Krypton and Daxam ?
How many people were executed for Abraham Lincoln 's assassination ?
What must a Las Vegas blackjack dealer do when he reaches 16 ?
What type of performer is Ileana Cotrubas ?
What line of candy products included Super Skrunch and Peanut Butter Oompas ?
Why did the Anglican church split from the Vatican ?
What organization has a Security Council ?
How would I find the price of different organs that have been donated ?
What Mexican leader was shot dead in 1923 ?
What does NECROSIS mean ?
What is magnetar ?
What feud ended with a marriage in Kentucky on March 21 , 1891 ?
What color is the stripe along each side of a Coho salmon ?
What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
What female painter produced primitives of rural New England life ?
What are names of two old men who appear in the serial tv Muppets Show ?
What should you yell to hail a taxi in Madrid ?
What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?
What year did Apartheid start ?
Who created Big Ben ?
What city is found in the city of OZ ?
What ever happened to the once popular Yale Lock Company ?
Name the Marvel team loosely based on DC 's Justice League of America ?
What did a 16th-century Aztec athlete get for putting a rubber ball through a ring ?
What populous state covers 49,576 square miles ?
What college football team did Knute Rockne build into a power ?
In what state was there an 11 million gallon oil spill ?
What country did the ancient Romans refer to as Hibernia ?
In what high-risk business venture did Jimmy the Greek bet and lose ?
What do chefs call The Master Spice ?
What is a Devo hat ?
How long was the longest hiccup attack ?
What kind of weapons were used in Medieval warfare ?
What fruit-topped actress was known as The Brazilian Bombshell ?
When the Tutankhamun exhibit was on display in the U.S. , what moving company transported it ?
Who played the title role in My Favorite Martian ?
How does a scientific calculator work ?
What is a fear of fur ?
What part of their attire were " pothooks " to cowboys of the Old West ?
When did humans first begin to write history seriously ?
Why do we have to go to school ?
What is Toulmin logic ?
What city in the U.S. experienced the most growth recently ?
What is a dangling participle ?
What Tokyo street glitters with famed department stores and nightclubs ?
What was the average life expectancy during the Stone Age ?
When Mighty Mouse was conceived , what was his original name ?
What is the origin of the peace symbol ?
What group starred in the movie Rock Around the Clock ?
How many U.S. presidents were assassinated during Queen Victoria 's reign ?
What is Nathan Hamill 's role in the new Star Wars prequel ?
How many disks does each player have in a four-handed game of Crokinole ?
How can I find a list of , fax and or email , addresses for human resource departments in Massachusetts ?
How do I write to my Congressman ?
How many years ago did Led Zeppelin release its last album ?
What was the name of the famous battle between Texas and Mexico ?
What country are you in if you woo in the Wu dialect ?
What do you call a Poker hand with five cards of the same suit ?
What New York Yankee was known as The Iron Horse ?
Who is considered The First Lady of the American Stage ?
Who penned : " Neither a borrower nor a lender be " ?
What is moxie ?
What was the first Sam Spade novel ?
What song did Patti Page set people dancing to in 1950 ?
Who headed Hitler 's infamous Gestapo ?
What South American city features the exclusive Copacabana Beach and Ipanema ?
What German city do Italians call The Monaco of Bavaria ?
What island group contains Jersey , Guernsey , Sark and Herm ?
What is a fear of strong light ?
What is a person called that likes fire ?
Where was helium first discovered , hence its name ?
What is the best way to overcome a fear ?
Name a South African diamond producer ?
Who made the musical plea Be True to Your School ?
What French designer declared : " The jean is the destructor ! It is a dictator ! It is destroying creativity . The jean must be stopped ! " ?
What season is the setting for Shakespeare 's Midsummer Night 's Dream ?
What comedian was banned from the Ed Sullivan Show for allegedly making an obscene gesture at the show 's host ?
What country is the setting for Edgar Allan Poe 's The Pit and the Pendulum ?
What Apollo 11 astronaut minded the store while Armstrong and Aldrin made history ?
What Good Little Witch is Casper 's girlfriend ?
In which Tennessee Williams play is one of the characters killed and devoured by a mob of starving children ?
What was the nickname of Frederick I , Holy Roman Emperor and King of Germany ?
What war did the Potsdam Conference follow ?
What 's the most common non-contagious disease in the world ?
What month , date , and year did Charles I die ?
How many cubic feet of space does a gallon of water occupy ?
What 's the world 's largest cathedral ?
What effects do nitrates have on the environment ?
What is Nitrox diving ?
What three European countries begin with the letter A ?
What happened in the Long March ?
What was the name of Hitler 's unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the Bavarian government in Munich in 1923 ?
How can I find online spelling ?
How many earthworms are in a single pasture ?
Who made Stonehenge ?
What is the average hourly rate of American workers ?
What sport features snatches and clean jerks ?
Who 's the founder and editor of The National Review ?
In what year did they build the Berlin Wall ?
Who was the first governor of West Virginia ?
What 's the world 's longest suspension bridge ?
What Asian city boasts the world 's biggest bowling alley ?
When will Jean Aeul publish her next book ?
What famous soldier was born in Europe , died in Asia , and was laid to rest in Africa ?
When it 's time to relax , what one beer stands clear ?
What baseball team became the Minnesota Twins ?
What kind of guitar did Jimi Hendrix play ?
What were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?
What constellation contains the twins Castor and Pollux ?
How many meters are in a mile ?
What is a gas release event ?
What James Michener book is subtitled Spanish Travels and Reflections ?
What famed London criminal court was once a feudal castle ?
How many milligrams are in a gram ?
What stringed weapon fires a bolt ?
Where did he get the title ?
Where can I find a large list of 5 to 6 letter words ?
What is Michael Jackson 's middle name ?
Who was the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic ?
What does " Semper Fidelis " mean ?
What kind of suit did true hepcats wear in 1942 ?
How can I find out my Moon sign ?
Why does a candle need a wick ?
What were the three prophecies the witches make to Macbeth ?
In what film did Steven Spielberg 's dog star as the main character 's dog ?
What are all the different kinds of contraceptives ?
How old is Jeremy Piven ?
What is the history of yo-yos ?
Which NBA players had jersey number 0 ?
What chocolate company gives you a one-pound kiss ?
How does one correctly pronounce " qigong " ?
What fossilizes to form coprolite ?
How many colored squares are there on a Rubik 's Cube ?
What Caribbean island is sometimes called Little England ?
Where can I find the lyrics for the song " Getting Married Today " from the musical " Company " ?
What 's another word that means " knows all " ?
Who is the famous movie star who also acted as sewer commissioner of Provo Canyon , Utah ?
What Australian city became the home of the America 's Cup ?
What is pasta ?
What color is " ash " ?
What is the best distance education university or college ?
What river does the Grand Coulee Dam dam ?
How often are quadruplets born ?
How does psorisis disappear ?
How many presidents have died on the 4th of July ?
What three colors are on the French flag ?
What 's the mystery of the Bermuda Triangle ?
Who portrayed Vincent Van Gogh in Lust for Life ?
What constitutes an adult ?
What is a reliable site that I can download Heretic 2 ?
What is a neurosurgeon ?
What baseball outcome required nine balls in 1879 , eight balls in 1880 and seven balls in 1881 ?
What are amaretto biscuits ?
What common ailment ca n't you catch at the North Pole ?
What season begins with the vernal equinox ?
Who was known as the Time Master in comic books ?
What was the name of Roy Rogers 's dog ?
What TV series changed the names to protect the innocent ?
Where did cable cars first roll down Clay Street in 1873 ?
What is George Lucas 's e-mail address ?
How do I give a good massage ?
Who is the father of the computer ?
What is the origin of " jiggy " as in getting jiggy with it ?
What is the origin of a.m. and p.m. ?
What is the definition of cosmology ?
What is the name of the dog on the Cracker Jack box ?
What are manifest and latent function theories ?
What William Styron book is about a black preacher who leads a slave revolt ?
Who said : " Old soldiers never die ; they just fade away " ?
What National League baseball team employed 72 third baseemen in its first 2 seasons ?
What are snowballs to a hot-rodder ?
How long were Tyrannosaurus Rex 's teeth ?
What is the origin of the word Ozymandias ?
Who 's the only man to have won the Olympic decathlon twice ?
What Kenyan city is the safari center for East Africa ?
Why do men snore ?
What causes " rolling thunder " ?
What is the name of Miss India 1994 ?
What four U.S. states have active volcanoes ?
What 's the setting of John Le Carre 's A Small Town in Germany ?
What does an echidna look like ?
What is the secret of the universe ?
What caused an adjournment of the 25th anniversary session of the United Nations General Assembly ?
What is glass made of ?
How did Lee Harvey Oswald purchase his rifle ?
How do I sing like Elvis Presley ?
What are the biggest Indian airports ?
What is the folklore story regarding birds ' nests and birds in Christmas trees ?
What are the world 's three largest oceans , in order of size ?
Who is the Pope ?
Where on the Internet can I find information on laundry detergent ?
What do the French call La Manche ?
What 's an easy way to count the approximate number of fish in a lake ?
How do you clean up a cache ?
What was the name of Aristotle Onassis 's yacht ?
What is a fear of being dirty ?
What animal occurs in Spielberg 's " Jaws " ?
What 's the Red Planet ?
What 's the most common surname in America ?
How long does it take the typical American to eat 23 quarts of ice cream ?
What is the difference between a fruit and a vegetable ?
What kind of tree graces Lebanon 's flag ?
What is tumbled marble ?
What are the various ways in which one can measure IT User Satisfaction Level ?
What city is sometimes called The Athens of Switzerland ?
How can I easily remove red wine stains from t-shirts ?
How do you write MLA style bibliographies for an Internet source ?
Who is Imam Hussain Ben Ali whom Shia people believe in ?
What is the origin of the word assassinate ?
Where can I find information about Bob Barr , representative from Georgia ?
What is the frequency of VHF ?
What are the Arabic Numerals from 1 to 10 ?
What does the policeman become in the Canadian edition of Monopoly ?
How many electoral votes does it take to win presidency ?
What is digitalis ?
What kind of flowers does detective Nero Wolfe raise ?
What was paper made of in the late 16th century ?
Who was William Henry Harrison ?
What was the outcome of the 1945 Yalta Conference ?
What is " flintknapping " ?
What 's the most popular contact lens color ?
What were the cities of Dickens 's A Tale of Two Cities ?
What causes canker sores in the mouth ?
In what year was the movie the Ten Commandments released ?
What is the fastest fish in the world ?
What color are the castellated walls of the Kremlin ?
What is celebrated during the week of February 21-27 ?
What is damage to business and government caused by bureaucracy ?
What countries have the best math students ?
What was a California prayer book to an Old West gambler ?
Who was the first black performer to have his own network TV show ?
What did John F. Kennedy consider his greatest blunder in office ?
What 's the abbreviation for trinitrotoluene ?
What creature is the absolute fastest in moving in the world , birds , mammals , etc. , ?
What is IOC an abbreviation of ?
What 's the proud claim to fame of the young women who formed Kappa Alpha Theta ?
Which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
Where did Freidreich Wilhelm Ludwig Leichhardt , Prussian born explorer , go to school ?
What color eyes are most sensitive to light ?
What company uses the unfamiliar faces of its celebrity spokespeople to promote the use of its product ?
What disease does Katharine Hepburn have that makes her voice shake ?
What did FCC chairman Newton Minow declare TV to be on May 9 , 1961 ?
How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
What two countries in South America are landlocked ?
What does Tiffany mean ?
Why do magnets attract ?
How do you address a Chinese person ?
What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
How do I impress a guy ?
What does the method called " cold fusion " create ?
What determines the value of the pearl ?
Which country did Hitler rule ?
What was the name of the American ship sunk by a mine in Havana harbor , causing the Spanish-American war ?
Who directed The Wild Bunch ?
What are emblazoned on the Jolly Roger ?
What are the alveoli ?
What comedian was born Allen Stewart Konigsberg ?
How many Leos have been Pope ?
What state was Herbert Hoover born in ?
What TV series featured Neal , a martini-drinking St. Bernard ?
What developed a crack in 1835 while tolling the death of U.S. Chief Justice John Marshall ?
How many fiddlers did Old King Cole have ?
What poet wrote : " ... I have promises to keep , and miles to go before I sleep " ?
What is ethylene ?
What Irwin Allen bomb has Richard Widmark saying he 'll be " the first officer in history to get his butt kicked by a mess of bugs ! " ?
What is a fear of clouds ?
What is the music used in the new VW Beetle commercial where the car spins and changes colors ?
What is a fear of pregnancy ?
What is the population in India ?
What is the origin of the word " pallbearer ? "
How long do flies live ?
Who runs Andy Capp 's favorite pub ?
How many times a day does the typical person go to the bathroom ?
What bowl game began as an East-West contest between Michigan and Stanford in 192 ?
What islands got their name from the Spanish baja mar , meaning shallow water ?
What is deadrise , nautical , ?
What 's the official language of Algeria ?
What took first prize in Omni magazine 's contest to find the " ultimate unanswerable question " ?
What six words follow the line : " From a jack to a king.. " ?
How do I find a city if I have the area code ?
What author of the Days of Our Lives Cookbook signed on in 198 as Liz Chandler in TV 's Days of Our Lives ?
What foods contain the most protein ?
What President was assassinated by Charles J. Guiteau ?
What comic of TV 's golden age went by the motto " Anything for a laugh " ?
How many feet long is a baseball pitcher 's rubber ?
What are the snakes of New England ?
How many times larger than life size is the Statue of Liberty ?
What is the name of the country which Hitler ruled ?
What group kidnaped Patricia Hearst ?
How long does a human live ?
Where can I get U.S. economic statistics ?
How many Superbowls have the ers won ?
What do you do when your mouse is n't working as fast as it 's supposed to ?
What is a gandy dancer ?
Which of the following celebrities started his show-biz career as a disc jockey ?
What Triple Crown-winning horse took the 1973 Belmont Stakes by 31 lengths ?
What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
What is the dot on an the letter i called ?
What 's the capital of Iowa ?
Who asked you to do the Loco-Motion with her in 1962 ?
What 's the rathaus in Frankfurt ?
What President served for five years , six months and 2 days ?
What do you call the feeling of having experienced something before ?
What incident caused the canning of a summit conference between Eisenhower and Khrushchev ?
What is the abbreviated form of the National Bureau of Investigation ?
What is a fear of odors , body , ?
What is the formula to calculate pi ?
What is the difference between a bachelor and a 1 bedroom apartment ?
What is Drew Barrymore 's middle name ?
How do you write a book report ?
What are Cobol , Fortran , and Pascal ?
What is Supergirl 's secret identity ?
What is the US Federal Government website for Standard Industrial Classification codes , SIC , ?
What court does Bob Woodward describe in The Brethren ?
Who made the first surfboard ?
What is the name of the police officer who tried to keep order in Top Cat 's neighborhood ?
On what date did Rosa Parks Become a symbol of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her seat on the bus ?
What are the highest-paying odds on a roulette table ?
In what year did the US Marine Corps adopt the motto " Semper Fidelis " ?
What does a deltiologist collect ?
What is Garry Kasparov famous for ?
What does the " c " stand for in the equation EEQUALSmc2 ?
What well-known music personality is the father of an adopted son named Hans Christian Henderson ?
How do you measure the heat of the sun ?
Why do some people have two different color eyes ?
Which leg does a cat move with its left front leg when walking - its left rear or right rear leg ?
What 's the hardest substance in the human body ?
Who was the first woman governor of Wyoming ?
How many more weeks of winter are there if a ground hog sees his shadow ?
What Green Bay Packers coach philosophized : " There 's nothing that stokes the fire like hate " ?
How do birds find their way back to the same place every year ?
Where is the Henry Ford Museum ?
What 's the International Lawn Tennis Challenge Trophy usually called ?
What year did nylon stockings first go on sale ?
What is a research expedition in mountain climbing ?
On which flight did Fawaz Younis commit air piracy and hostage taking ?
What are the 10 largest cities in the US ?
What is a wart ?
What is spaceball played on ?
How does rabies spread ?
What famous comedian recently tried without success to revive the play ?
How can you tell if someone is lying ?
What is the difference between a preface and a foreword ?
What are fingernails made of ?
What nationality were the 123 people who died in the Black Hole of Calcutta ?
What does storm wave mean in Japanese ?
Why do they sterilize the needle for lethal injection ?
What TV family sometimes buys eclairs from Nelson 's Bakery ?
How can you get rust stains out of clothing ?
How does a small businessman contact the Good Humor Ice Cream company to do business with them ?
What enigmatic U.S. vice president was once tried and acquitted for treason in a plot to set up his own independent empire in the West ?
Who sings Angel Eyes from the 80<s ?
What is the one thing you need before you can purchase life insurance ?
What caused the Titanic to sink ?
What is the chemiosmotic theory ?
What information can you tell me about actor James Cromwell ?
How does an ion drive work ?
How can I trace my family roots ?
What was the date of Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait ?
What is another word for diet ?
What is a courier ?
What Sinatra hit did he dooby dooby do in ?
How do you get a girl to have sex with you ?
What award is the " Oscar " of advertising ?
What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?
What ice creams contain seaweed ?
What dumb-but-loveable character did Maurice Gosfield play on The Phil Silvers Show ?
What is a " USB " port on a computer ?
What term means a sexual attraction between a male and a female ?
What was called the world 's largest department store ?
What sea surrounds the Cayman Islands ?
How many different vegetation zones are there ?
What does LOL mean ?
What ocean was Amelia Earhart flying over when she disappeared ?
What book does Holden Caulfield appear in ?
What happens when lightning strikes a body of water ?
What was the nickname of German flying ace Manfred von Richthofen ?
What does eEQUALSmc2 mean ?
What country other than Germany invaded Poland in September 1939 ?
How do I contact answers.com ?
What are the names of the different toes ?
What are different products of petroleum ?
What causes asthma ?
When was the Bill of Rights ratified ?
What do the number 1 , 2 , and 4 mean on Dr. Pepper bottles ?
How can I find out how much it costs to raise a baby for six months ?
What vowel do all Esperanto nouns end in ?
What is a heuristic ?
What California desert is dubbed High Desert ?
In the Miller Lite TV commercial , who is the creature ?
How did the jack-o<-lantern get it 's name ?
Where do the Blackhawks maintain their operations ?
Why are the rooftops in Canada green ?
What African country was founded by freed American slaves in 1847 ?
What year did the first issue of " Playboy " come out ?
What is a fear of motion ?
What pseudonym did William Sydney Porter use in writing The Gift of the Magi ?
What is a fear of glass ?
In Waugh 's " A Handful of Dust " , what does the mad old man force the hero to do every afternoon ?
What is the last name of Lucy and Linus from the Peanut 's comic strip ?
What cheery fellow got the ZIP code 9971 from the U.S. Postal Service in 1963 ?
How many layers does a bottle of Yoo-Hoo settle into ?
What 's the nearest star to Earth ?
What does Choo Choo Charlie say ?
How do I register a trade name in North Carolina ?
What was the number of assassinations and attempts to assassinate in the U.S. since 1865 ?
How many stations do you shoot from in the basketball game " Around the World " ?
What is a Jake brake ?
What sign is the best love match for a horoscope sign ?
Who was the Russian ambassador to Hungary during the 1956 uprising ?
Who holds the NFL record for most touchdowns in a season ?
What cards are bullets ?
What is the average age a horse lives ?
What planet would you visit to see Bebrenia , Arcadia , and Amazonis ?
Which language has the most words ?
Where is Natick ?
What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Gimli as a central character ?
Who is Shirley MacLaine ?
What is a fear of water ?
What does the number 33 on the Rolling Rock beer bottle mean ?
What is the origin of the city " Corpus Christi " ?
What was the first U.S.-based team in the NHL ?
Where did the sport of caber-tossing originate ?
Who played for the Chicago Bears , Houston Oilers and Oakland Raiders in a 26-year pro football career ?
Where are the Union Stockyards ?
Where does the weird shape of the dinner fish knife originate from ?
How many children does Ray Davies of the Kinks have ?
What did Walter Huston remove to perform in the movie The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ?
How much salt is in the oceans ?
What animals acted as lapwarmers for American colonists in church ?
Who won World War II ?
Where does " bovine " come from ?
Where does the U.S. get most of its energy ?
What country , after Canada and Mexico , is closest to the U.S. ?
What is the weakest bone in the body ?
What is dew point ?
Who was Garrett Morgan married to ?
How many stars are there in Big Dipper ?
How do you become a dentist ?
Who is Ishmael in Moby Dick ?
How many wings does a flea have ?
What country has been called The Queen of the Antilles ?
Where can I find a website that gives comparisons of good prices ?
What is multimedia ?
What is the difference between terry cloth and French terry ?
How long is Camptown Racetrack ?
Where did Luther display his " Ninety-Five Theses " ?
What are " inkhorn terms " ?
What is the difference between pop music and rock and roll ?
What river is Pocahontas buried along ?
What is " bloodhound " ?
What was Paul Bunyan 's ox 's name ?
What trophy is awarded to the winners of the Super Bowl ?
What well-known TV talk show host was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ?
What are the environmental influences on plant genetics ?
What one of the Backstreet Boys are single ?
How many people was Randy Craft convicted of murdering ?
What river flows through Vienna , Budapest and Belgrade ?
What Civil War general wreaked havoc on the south by marching through Georgia on his way to the sea ?
Who was the conservationist who served as spokesperson for Post Grape Nuts ?
What is carpal tunnel syndrome ?
Which area produces the least acidic coffee ?
Why is it called " hamburger " if there is no ham in it ?
What is the trademark of a Washington Redskin<s fan ?
Why does cotton get caught in belly buttons ?
What suburban housewife and mother of three wrote The Feminine Mystique ?
How does a glacier form ?
On which date is the Ukrainians ' Christmas ?
What famed tennis tournament 's men 's singles title was Fred Perry the last Englishman to win ?
What is the average weight for a man ?
What are Britain 's two longest rivers ?
What country covers 8,600,387 square miles ?
What fuel do airplanes use ?
What does palindromic mean ?
What baseball expression came from the nautical term for ships sailing between the Atlantic and Pacific before the Panama Canal ?
In which state are the Mark Twain National Forests ?
What is the oldest ethnological museum in the world ?
How does Belle describe her life in Beauty and the Beast ?
What color flies closest to the staff on Belgium 's flag ?
What is the smallest thing seen under the most powerful microscope , and how big is it ?
Which ear can most people hear better with ?
Where have the most dinosaur remains been found ?
What letter appears on the cold-water tap in Spain ?
How do you say " Grandma " in Irish ?
Who shoplifts ?
What is a camel hair brush actually made out of ?
What is the Socratic method ?
What island has a park called The Battery at it 's southern tip ?
What is hypertext ?
What do I need to learn to design web pages ?
What Peter Blatty novel recounts the horrors of Regan MacNeil 's possession by the devil ?
What is the all-time stock high of Apple Computer , and where can I find this information ?
Why are lions called " King of the Jungle " ?
What non-alcoholic syrup is made from pomegranate juice ?
What meter was invented by C.C. Magee in 1935 ?
When was Calypso music invented ?
What Caribbean island is northeast of Trinidad ?
What Michelangelo sculpture is in Saint Peter 's Cathedral , Basilica , ?
What 's the difference and advantages of selecting a Super VHS VCR over plain VHS model ?
How old is Bernadette Peters ?
Where can I find book reviews of " Turbulent Souls " ?
When did Hitler come to power in Germany ?
When did Gothic art and architecture flourish ?
Which two inventors invented Post-its ?
What day of the week was July 13 ?
Whose image is alleged to be on The Shroud of Turin ?
What does Salk vaccine prevent ?
What U.S. general was court-martialled for criticizing American air power ?
What is a fear of insanity ?
How do you convert foot-pounds to foot-inches ?
Who said : " The victor will never be asked if he told the truth " ?
Approximately how many students are enrolled at the University of Massachusetts ?
What do West Indian steel bands use as instruments ?
What is the fastest growing state in the U.S.A. in 1998 ?
How many American soldiers have died for their country to date ?
What was the name of the U.S. 's first manned space program ?
What were the achievements of Richard Nixon ?
Where does the opera singer Ileana Cotrubas come from ?
How do you do a bibliography with an unknown author ?
Saddam Hussein was compared to whom by President Bush ?
What year was the NAACP founded ?
In what year did Thatcher gain power ?
Where can I learn about Samuel Gompers ?
What jockey won 17 Triple Crown races ?
What U.S. state 's biggest lake is Lake Sam Rayburn ?
What is Greek pita ?
What do peacocks mate with ?
Who seized power from Milton Obote in 1971 ?
What state is Niagara Falls located in ?
What tools do you use to crewel ?
What is narcolepsy ?
What is the name of the American literary era that includes 1896 ?
What 's the term for an organism that lives on or in another ?
What Scandinavian capital is built on nine bridge-connected islands ?
What well-known actor is the father of star Alan Alda ?
What does the name " Alexandra " mean ?
What would you add to the clay mixture to produce bone china ?
What Stephen Sondheim ballad ends : " Well , maybe next year.. . " ?
How does the tail affect the flight of a kite ?
What date is Richard Nixon 's birthday ?
What film canine is buried in Pere-Lachaise cemetery in Paris ?
What little boy and dog live in a shoe ?
What percent of world 's fresh water is found in Canada ?
Why are the U.S. presidential elections held in November ?
How many grooves are on a dime ?
What was Marilyn Monroe 's real name ?
How does marijuana lead to other drugs ?
What father and son won the Medal of Honor ?
Which high schools are included in the South Florida Ice Hockey league ?
How many different types of skunks are there ?
Who is the Prophet of Medina ?
What 's the meaning of the zoological term ruminant ?
What is the name of the woman who was with John Belushi when he died ?
What is hyperopia ?
What color Poker chip is usually assigned the lowest value ?
Which produces the longer sperm - an elephant or a mouse ?
What United States city produces the most oil ?
How do you pronounce " Tzimisce " ?
What TV show premiered on January 15 , 1981 ?
What was the only country in the Western Hemisphere to join the Russian-led boycott of the 1984 Summer Olympics ?
In what part of Africa is Mozambique located ?
Whose funeral train traveled from Washington D.C. to Springfield , Illinois ?
How did names come about ?
What 's the better-known identity of John Merrick , the noble ogre of Victorian England ?
What is her husband 's name ?
What cigarette company urged us , " Come to where the flavor is ? "
Which of the following did not receive a 1983 " Outstanding Mother Award " from the National Mother 's Day Committee ?
What Dynasty star made her 2th Century-Fox debut in The Virgin Queen ?
What actress holds the record for the most appearances on the cover of Life ?
What was the first TV set to include a remote control ?
Name the company that used the line , " Even your best friend wo n't tell you " in its ad ?
What first-aid product " Helps the hurt stop hurting " ?
How does ultraviolet light damage the DNA of skin cells ?
What was the verdict in the trial of Lizzie Borden ?
What U.S. President had brothers-in-law in the Confederate army ?
What does the Greek word polis mean , as in Minneapolis ?
Where can I find detailed information about Manchukuo ?
What actor learned to play the saxophone and speak Russian for a role in a movie ?
Who says , " If you do n't look good , we do n't look good " ?
How much money does each player get at the beginning of the game in Monopoly ?
